Update short descriptions of sample apps (#132)
miroapp/app-examples: examples/github-appcards/README.md

### About the app

This full-stack sample app shows how to build an integration with GitHub Projects that enebales a 2-way sync data flow between GitHub issues and Miro app cards.

> This example was built in React off the [`create-miro-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-miro-app) React/Typescript starter. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app was built in React off the [`create-miro-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-miro-app) React/Typescript starter and uses [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/). \
```

### About the app

> This full-stack sample app shows how to build an integration with GitHub Projects that enebales a 2-way sync data flow between GitHub issues and Miro app cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This full-stack sample app shows how to build an integration with GitHub Projects that enables a 2-way sync data flow between GitHub issues and Miro app cards.
```
